As you grow older, do you find yourself behaving more like your parents?
Does your family have unique jokes or shared humour that only you all understand?
Can you think of a time when you felt like you made a really bad choice or acted poorly?
In your opinion, is life generally simpler for children or for adults?
Was there a challenging phase in your life that ended up helping you become a better or stronger person?
What’s one amazing quality you got from your mother, and one you inherited from your father?
Do you think people are naturally kind-hearted or more self-centered?
When playing games or sports, do you hold back if you know you're way better than the other person?
Who has inspired or influenced you the most in your life?
Have you ever formed a close friendship with someone you initially disliked?
What’s something you deeply hope will happen for you in the next year?
Based on your recent experiences, what’s one piece of advice you’d give to others?
How far back can you trace your ancestry or family roots?
If you had to choose, would you rather be more physically attractive or more intelligent?
Do you think a person's looks reveal much about who they are?
What’s the most impressive or complex meal you know how to cook?
Are there any photos of yourself that you’d rather never see again?
When you were little, what did you dream of becoming when you grew up?
Do you find it easy to connect with and take care of kids?
What kinds of things really get under your skin or make you angry?
Do you agree with the idea that our level of happiness stays the same no matter what happens, even if we win the lottery?
What’s the longest amount of time you’ve ever stayed awake?
Can you remember what your very first email address was?
Have you ever actually accomplished a New Year’s resolution?
Do you usually check expiration dates on food before you buy it?
Which member of your family seems to have the best luck?
What scent instantly takes you back to your childhood?
What do you believe is the true meaning or purpose of life?
Do you feel like the government gives you enough in return for the taxes you pay?
Which one of your friends would be the most successful on Jeopardy!?
Do you believe people actively find love, or does love naturally come to them?
Have you ever been caught in the act doing something you shouldn’t have been doing?
At what age do you think someone should be held fully accountable for their actions?
What do you think the world could really use more of right now?
Do you think email will eventually replace traditional, physical mail completely?
If you could star as the lead character in any film, which movie would you choose?
Do you still print out photos to frame or put in albums, or keep everything digital?
Do you own something that’s worthless in money but priceless to you emotionally?
What’s the earliest memory you can recall?
How do you feel about receiving money as a gift?
Would you want to know exactly when and how you're going to die if you had the chance?
If someone from the year 3000 came to visit, what about today’s world would shock them the most?
Are there any allergies you have?
What usually goes through your mind right before you fall asleep?
What’s one thing most people don’t know about you?
Which TV show would you say is the greatest of all time?
What is your first memory involving each person here with you right now?
Do you think you’d be a completely different person if you had different parents?
If you were in charge of hiring someone, what three qualities would matter most to you?
Have you ever had a celebrity crush? Who was it?
Is there a brand you keep using mostly out of habit, not necessarily because it's great?
What’s one skill or ability you wish you were better at?
Outside of your family or partner, who’s shown you the most kindness in your life?
If you had a week to travel anywhere in the world alone, where would you choose to go?
How would your ideal day look from beginning to end?
If you could record your dreams and watch them like a movie, would you want to?
Do you think traveling faster than the speed of light could ever actually happen?
What’s your favourite way to spend $50 for pure enjoyment?
Is it ever okay to lie just to avoid hurting someone’s feelings?
Do you know how each pair of your grandparents met?
In your opinion, which country is the most advanced and forward-thinking today?
Are you naturally good at telling jokes or making people laugh?
Which decade of your life has been the most enjoyable so far?
When was the last time you visited a library?
What do you think is the most valuable subject taught in school?
If you were a tree and could grow anywhere in the world, where would you want to be planted?
Which movie do you think gets way more praise than it deserves?
Do you have a favourite charity or cause that you support?
What kinds of things make you feel embarrassed or cause you to blush?
Would working from home suit your personality and lifestyle?
Is there a specific skill or talent that runs in your family?
If you could have a million of anything besides money, what would you choose?
What animal do you believe is the smartest?
Are you someone who’s really selective or fussy about food?
Would you rather lose all your old memories or be unable to create new ones?
What’s one thing that’s been sitting on your to-do list forever but never seems to get done?
Do you enjoy living in today’s world, or do you feel like you were meant for a different era?
If days had 28 hours instead of 24, how would you use the extra time?
What’s one outfit or accessory you used to own that you thought was incredibly cool?
When during the day do you feel you get the most done?
Have you ever bought something that made you feel really awkward or embarrassed? What was it?
Was there a rule in your childhood home that felt way too strict?
If you could look into the future, how far ahead would you want to see?
Can you name one thing you admire and one thing you dislike about life in America?
Have you ever had a haircut that turned out terribly? What did it look like?
What’s one personal trait that you know people genuinely appreciate about you?
If you could choose to live anywhere in the world, where would it be and why?
What do only children have an advantage in over those with siblings?
Is there any topic that you believe should always be off-limits for jokes?
Does your perception of someone change once you find out they have tattoos?
Was there something you really wanted as a kid but never got?
In just three words, describe someone who’s your complete opposite.
Do you think in the future, all shopping will eventually happen online?
Which do you think holds more value: love or money?
What has been the most memorable or happiest day of your life so far?
If your closest friends could only use three words to describe you, what do you think they’d say?
If you had access to a time machine, would you rather visit the past or the future?
Who is someone who’s famous but, in your opinion, doesn’t really deserve the spotlight?
When was the last time you seriously thought about giving up on something?
What’s one guilty pleasure you’re not ashamed to admit?
If you could spend one full day with any person, who would you choose?
Despite how different your friends may be, what’s one thing they all have in common?
Do you think there’s still a reason to buy printed dictionaries?
What’s your favourite kind of candy from either Valentine’s Day, Easter, or Halloween?
Do you think 20 is too young to get married?
Should voting be mandatory in the United States?
What do you think will be the biggest shift in your life five years from now?
Is there something in your past that makes you think, “I can’t believe I actually did that”?
Has anyone ever told you that you resemble a celebrity?
Would you say your handwriting is nice?
What do you think older people tend to regret the most when reflecting on their lives?
Have you ever had a neighbor or roommate who was particularly unusual or unforgettable?
Can you recall a moment when you felt like life couldn’t possibly get any better?
Is there a book that had a deep and lasting impact on you?
What’s the most memorable party you’ve ever attended?
Would you rather know your baby’s gender before birth or be surprised?
Did you ever skip school or fake being sick to get out of class?
What traits do you admire most in other people?
What’s a sound that really gets on your nerves?
Is there a sport or hobby that everyone seems to love but you just don’t get?
Do you think it’s acceptable not to tip after receiving poor service?
Do you enjoy striking up conversations with strangers while flying?
Which school subject do you think matters the least?
Is there a particular song that always makes you emotional?
What two things do you think are essential for happiness?
Can you share a time when you did something genuinely selfless for someone?
Who’s the most fascinating person you’ve ever had the chance to meet?
If you could only keep one app on your phone, which one would it be?
What city surprised you—in a good way—when you first visited?
If you had an extra room at home, how would you choose to use it?
How would you personally define what it means to be intelligent?
What do you think your parents would say was the wildest thing you did as a kid?
Should children be raised in a specific religion, or left to choose on their own?
Is there something you did as a child that you probably owe your parents an apology for?
Can you think of any upsides to spending time in prison?
Would you ever get your partner’s name tattooed on you?
When it comes to home decor, do you prefer plain white walls, painted ones, or wallpaper?
Do any particular ideas or images show up often in your dreams?
If you didn’t have to worry about calories or nutrition, what food would you indulge in more?
Would mind-reading cause more or fewer breakups and divorces?
How do you interpret the idea of “living a good life”?
What’s a compliment someone gave you that really stuck with you?
Why do you think more people are choosing to live alone nowadays than in previous generations?
Would you be willing to relocate to the opposite side of the world?
What would you do if your child was being bullied at school?
If you had to pick, would you rather sit forever or stand forever?
What drives people the most—fear, money, or love?
What is the most emotionally significant gift you’ve ever received?
Would you tell people if you won the lottery, or would you keep it under wraps?
Do you prefer reading physical books or using an e-reader?
If your house were on fire, what two things would you grab first?
Have you ever found yourself praying while on a plane?
Have you ever done something that only a small number of people on Earth have experienced?
Is there a name you’d absolutely never give to your child?
Have you ever ignored or rejected a friend request on Facebook? What made you decide that?
Which living celebrity do you think people will still be talking about 500 years from now?
What’s the kindest thing someone in this room has ever done for you?
Is there a cause or belief you feel so strongly about that you’d be willing to die for it?
Do you think good parenting is something you can learn, or is it more instinctual?
If you could change one thing about your body, what would it be?
Who was your biggest role model when you were growing up?
If you won a brand-new car of your choice, which one would you pick?
In what ways do you make life better for the people around you?
Which relative do you think you resemble the most physically?
Can you recall a time when you went out of your way to help a complete stranger?
What’s the most romantic Valentine’s Day gift you’ve ever received?
When was the last time you made an effort to thank someone in a meaningful way?
Do you think it’s possible to meet a celebrity and genuinely become close friends with them?
Should there be limits on what parents are allowed to name their children?
Have you ever had a moment where you knew you were in exactly the right place at the right time?
When you sleep, do you usually lie on your back, side, or stomach?
Can a man and a woman truly be just friends without any romantic feelings?
What kind of group or social circle were you part of in high school?
If you could give your 10-year-old self one piece of advice, what would it be?
Have you ever tried a trendy diet just to see if it would work?
What’s something other people might secretly envy about you?
What do you think is the number one reason couples tend to argue?
Are school uniforms more helpful or harmful for students?
Is there an expensive activity you’ve always wanted to try if money weren’t an issue?
What’s something you do differently than most people?
Without trying it, do you think you could actually lick your own elbow?
If you traveled back to the year 1800 and could bring one modern item to wow people, what would it be?
What’s the most recent thing you either lost or thought you lost?
What’s something you have way too much of in your life right now?
Is there someone from your past whose life turned out totally differently than you ever expected?
Did your parents ever try to push you toward a specific career path?
Have you tried something completely new for the first time in the past year?
Did you have a nickname when you were a kid?
If you had to show a visitor one place in your town or city, where would you take them?
Do you have any Facebook friends you’d probably avoid hanging out with in real life?
Would you be motivated to learn a new language if it meant doubling your salary?
Have you ever come close to doing something illegal—or actually done it?
Can you remember a time when your first impression of someone was way off?
Do you believe in lucky charms or objects that bring good fortune?
Was there anything you were especially talented at when you were younger?
What’s the biggest difference between your parents’ personalities or values?
Do people focus too much or not enough on how they look these days?
Is it better to grow up in a big family or a small one?
Do you think violent video games and movies actually influence people’s behavior?
Has the internet made us more social, or less?
What’s something you can make or build completely with your own two hands?
Are you still in touch with your first love?
If you could make one law that everyone had to follow, what would it be?
Is there a place you’ve visited that you’d be totally fine never going back to?
Which actor or actress would you want to play you in a movie about your life?
Is there anything your parents never let you do as a kid that you’d be okay with your own kids doing?
Do you like shopping secondhand or using pre-owned stuff?
What movie do you really wish had a sequel?
Should students be allowed to give their teachers grades?
What’s the weirdest or most unusual thing you’ve ever eaten?
Would you ever consider having a child with someone you weren’t in love with?
Have you ever chosen to be honest even though it cost you money?
Do you think IQ tests really measure how smart someone is?
Do you always sleep on the same side of the bed?
Who in your family has a personality that stands out from everyone else’s?
If you could come back as any animal in another life, what would you choose?
Can you think of an opportunity you turned down that you now regret?
Do you think genius and madness are linked somehow?
What’s the worst vacation experience you’ve ever had?
Do you believe in love at first sight?
Do you think physical cash will completely disappear during your lifetime?
What foreign language do you wish you could speak fluently?
Can you describe a time when you felt really nervous?
What’s the longest queue you’ve ever been in, and what were you waiting for?
Do you believe palm readings can predict the future?
Which old friend would you be excited to hear from unexpectedly and have dinner with?
In your opinion, what’s the greatest song ever written?
As a child, did you ever keep anything from your parents?
Why do you think so many marriages end in divorce?
Do you think your personality is suited for a career in sales?
Which invention do you think has had the most profound impact on human culture and civilization?
How did you typically spend your summer holidays as a child?
When was the last time you cried?
What’s your favourite animal to see at the zoo?
Do you think people are capable of truly changing?
If you had the financial freedom to retire tomorrow, how would you spend the rest of your life?
Are you more romantic or less romantic than most people?
Is there a word or phrase you find yourself using too often?
If you could get an honest answer to any question, what would you ask and to whom?
At what age do you think people are generally happiest?
What’s something you learned in school that hasn’t been useful in real life?
Do you think advertising aimed at children should be banned?
Have you ever said "I love you" without truly meaning it?
How would the world be different if most presidents and CEOs were women?
Would you prefer to be stranded on a deserted island with your mom or dad? Why?
What would you do if you won the lottery?
When was the last time you felt really proud of a family member?
Do you have any irrational fears?
What product do you think people will still be using 500 years from now?
What’s your favourite part of your body?
Have you ever exaggerated about your job to appear more interesting?
Do you think fewer global conflicts would occur if everyone spoke the same language?
What’s the best $100 you’ve ever spent?
Do you think the time you spend on social media is well spent?
What are the benefits of being in a relationship versus being single?
What experience would you love to relive for the first time?
Are you more of a traditionalist or a risk-taker?
Which teacher had the most significant influence on you?
Share a happy memory with one of your best friends.
Which deceased relative do you miss the most?
If you were invisible for a day, what would you do first?
Do you think criminals can truly be reformed in prison?
If you had to pick a different first name, which one would you choose?
What would a day in the life of a billionaire look like for you?
Would you enjoy having a meal with your clone?
What do you think is the key characteristic that makes successful people successful?
What was the name of your first serious crush?
Would you consider homeschooling your children?
What’s the worst part about getting older?
If you could be anywhere in the world right now, where would you choose to be?
Have you ever cut your own hair?
Have you ever won a contest or competition?
What school subject always came easy to you?
What do you look back at and think "I would never do that again?"
Which emotion is stronger: love or hate?
Is being sensitive a weakness or a strength?
If you could add an extra month to the calendar, where would you place it?
What one place should everyone visit before they die?
Have you ever dated someone your parents or friends hated?
Do you think the best time in your life is in the past, present, or future?
Would you say that the people you get along with best share your sense of humour?
What is the most delicious meal you've ever eaten?
Should makeup be considered an art form?
If you could choose to be a famous person for a day, who would it be and why?
What song would you say is the theme song of your generation?
Have you ever experienced a natural disaster or crisis situation?
What websites do you visit multiple times a day?
Which are smarter, cats or dogs?
Is there any famous person or character you can impersonate really well?
What was your favourite thing on the playground when you were a kid?
What quality do you appreciate the most in a friend?
Appearance aside, what is the biggest difference between men and women?
Have you ever had your heart broken?
Are actors and professional athletes paid too much?
Is there anything you would never be willing to give up in a relationship?
What are you looking forward to in the next twelve months?
Have you ever fallen asleep during something important?
If only one picture of you could survive after you die, which one would you choose?
How would you summarise yourself on a dating site in just three words?
Do you have any major scars? If so, how did you get them?
If you could change your age, would you choose to be younger, older, or stay the same?
What's your favourite way of wasting time?
Name a time when you felt really proud of yourself.
If you could go back and relive one day of your life, what day would it be?
Describe a time when you did something reckless and daring.
What can we learn from children?
What is the most scenic landscape you've ever traveled through?
Is there enough fun and adventure in your life?
What was your favourite thing to do when you were ten?
Complete the sentence: I have never in my life been so angry as when….
What is your worst memory with an animal?
How long should people be together before they get married?
Do you want your organs to be donated when you die?
How important is having a clean and tidy home for you?
Do you know what your name would have been if you'd been born the opposite sex?
Do you like it when friends drop by unexpectedly?
Where were you when you first heard about 9/11?
What would you say are the best and worst things about where you live?
What low-paid job or profession deserves to be better compensated?
Name something you look back at and think "I can't believe I was afraid of that."
Who is the most likeable person you know?
How many languages can you say "I love you" in?
Not counting a house or car, what is the most expensive thing you've ever bought?
What job would you personally find most boring?
What is the ideal retirement age?
If you had the whole world's attention for 30 seconds, what would you say or do?
Have you ever won or been chosen for something despite thinking you had no chance?
Do you think anything good has ever come from wars?
What is the most important room in a home?
Name something that one of the people sitting next to you is good at.
